Code of conduct – Lesmisrables
V1 – 09 February 2023

This document highlights the code of conduct for “Lesmisrables” Team, working on a group project for the Data Engineering Module at the University of Roehampton.
This document is valid for the period of the project.
1. Team members:
Azizul Islam
Minh Quan Lo
Abdelali Darib
Taejin Kim

2. Goals:
Our goal is to achieve the coursework targets and exceed them in terms of time and quality. Beyond a successful submission, we aim to learn as much as possible about Data Engineering, and gain experience of how real-life projects and teamwork are.

3. Coursework Summary and deliverables:
Develop a CRUD application: a front-end to a database, providing a method to create, read, update, and delete data from a web site to a database on a server. We will be using the tools described below.
Delivery dates below, each will be followed by a team presentation:
Sprint 1: 16th February
Sprint 2: 9th March
Sprint 3: 30th March
Sprint 4: 27th April
Each Sprint is delivered as a zip file with all necessary files as per coursework requirements.
Submission is done by the Team Leader, or his backup, or any other team member in case of absence or emergency.
Submissions must be done before the deadlines.


4. Tools:
•	GitHub:  A provider of Internet hosting for software development and version control using Git.
The team project link: https://github.com/TJtheSouthkoreanKim/Les-Mis-rables
•	Visual Studio Code:   A source-code editor made by Microsoft for Windows, Linux and macOS

A choice between both editors is left to team members as to with which they feel more 	c	comfortable, they both integrate into GitHub.
•	Docker:  A set of platform as a service (PaaS) products that use OS-level virtualization to deliver software in packages called containers.
•	Microsoft Teams:  A proprietary business communication platform developed by Microsoft, as part of the Microsoft 365 family of products.
The team will be using Teams for online meetings.

5. Team meetings:
There are two meetings scheduled per week:
•	Every thursday in class during lab session, except reading week when the meeting will be held online
•	Every thursday at 8:00am on Microsoft Teams.
There will be a specific folder which holds all meetings to be attended, if you are unable to make it you must inform the team before hand else resulting in a strike, meetings are mandatory.
The group will have at least 2 weekly meetings in order to discuss any issues or breakthroughs for the task given which can last up to hour. Failure to attend without proper reasoning will result in a strike.
Team members are encouraged to attend all meetings unless they have emergencies or are off sick, in such a case they should inform the rest of the team beforehand.
Scrum Master will take notes of each meeting and will share them with the team afterwards.

6. Communication:
We communicate via university email when not in class, in case of emergency, we communicate via mobile phone.
Online team meetings are done via Microsoft Teams.
Members of the group must communicate with others clearly and discuss your thought process rather than short and curt responses.
If team members are stuck, they must communicate with the team within a week notice before the deadline otherwise it will result in a strike where if it is less than a week, the team will make an extra ememergency meeting which all parties need to attend otherwise another strike will be given to discuss and complete the issue. 

7. Roles:
The team will be working collectively on the coursework tasks (coding, styling, solving issues... etc.) as well as dealing with team problems and mitigating circumstances. Additionally, the below roles were defined as part of the Scrum technique we are using:
•	Team Leader: Communicates between the team and the module governor, submits the coursework.
Assigned to: ???  (Backup ???)
•	Scrum Master: Motivates the team, solves blockages, and helps the teamwork.
This role will be rotating every Sprint.
Assigned to: ??? (Sprint 1 and 3) and ??? (Sprint 2 and 4) (Backup: ???)
•	Product Owner: Owns and manages the product backlog and prioritizes the tasks.
Assigned to: ??? (Backup ???)	

8. Responsibilities and expectations:
Team members are all responsible for the project and expected to complete the tasks assigned to them, if a team member is unable to complete their tasks, they should inform the rest of the team immediately so they can provide support or take over if it is needed. Deadlines for individual tasks are crucial for each Sprint and for the whole project.
Each member of the group will participate the same amount as one another, no one will do more work than others and everyone must have made an equal amount of progress as one another.
The group must maintain a professional and honest communication between team members and must not give false information as well as copy without giving proper recognition to the original owner of the information, failure to do so will result in a strike.
Members should not deliberately write inefficient code or bugs to later claim credit, if this is found to be the case it will result in a strike.

9. Expected Behaviour:
Team members are expected to be respectful, professional, and understanding of different points of view, as well as induvial level of critical thinking and different abilities, these differences should be used to complete the tasks and push the team forward and not to be an obstacle.
Though it is not expected, but any unacceptable behavior will not be tolerated and will be reported to the Module Governor by any team member.

Signed, read and agreed by: Abdelali Darib (Group leader), Taejin Kim (Secondary Leader), Azizul Islam (Product manager), MINH QUAN LO (Scrum Master)
